# guidanceapp
# Career Guidance System
# Desciption : "India as we know is a densely populated country and Every year more than 6 crores of Indians graduates from diverse backgrounds and with diversity in education. Almost similar number of students enter into colleges for taking various education to help them in seeking jobs. With the advent of time technology and the requirement of job sector has changed drastically as compared to 10 years back. Many sectors have experienced tremendous growth in employment and thus masses opt for those sectors whereas in many sectors there is huge unemployment either due to low jobs availability or demand of skilled workers is required. Thinking of the each and every branch and when comparing it with the current employment in India and abroad, we will definitely find some points that will help in predicting the admissions and jobs scenarios in the fields of engineering and technology, management and pharmacy.Due to the changing technology and its requirement for getting employed in India and abroad, there has to improvements suggested by experts for predicting the Prediction of Admission & Jobs in Engineering & Technology /Management/Pharmacy with respect to his/her strength, age, location and similar important factors. This is not a one time process and needs to be done frequently as trends in the industry keep changing. There is a requirement of a tool(Web,App,Standalone tool which is AI based) which recommends an individual the career path to choose based upon the factors like their strengths, weakness, age, interest and similar important factors. The below questions are a direct requirement for development of such AI based tools and will help in solving this problem statement. 1. How can digital means help a person identify his / her strength and recommend flexible career path? 2. How can recommendation engine factor in progression with time and age and suggest affordable skill development courses? Use of AI, Machine Learning and Deep Learning is also suggested as it will help in solving the problem."
